yes it is the thirtieth eighth of 2014 and
we are here at the holiday festival that
is the entrance to the realm of beauty
teacher funny is the third today
live from the holiday 2014 and we
check the backstage is today
individual artist check and we'll see
what maybe albi from fiddler's green
for that is my flower and flower chair
many are our rubik verbal
outflows currently lies the rent
hectic ok thanks nice publica verbal
Today, the under funny ours pour out
merchandiser
Thanks, I'll give you an hour to something
to invent
It is first backstage and what we
mine why now but at
bamberg's dumbest ware almost got it
you've made it so far
well by iron discipline and
I have incredible talent times
read if you look right down
Blüthmann no, you already have enough
prosecco intus probably i have
read the left down
look lies in the rubric famous
aquariums we are now visiting the fire
Valley of the greenish heiter yellow darling
is clearly a few and mood
and will be his corpse in the next
put weeks in the sand bed and here
now the little hai eats the little one
cards
We will be the aquarium today
writes used as stage props
us the probably longest away from
the backstage to the stage is commented on
from fireman cock we that
Wehlings incredible church set out
and hamster upright forever lonely
singer testicles herti
who cooked the competition with envy
as close as I think and here
hug you
a long long way holiday is dr
we are almost halfway
arrived so it looks like if one
can pack here the lok the band
not yet acquired the title of king
who went and here we have already
had incredibly excited
Rolf Schwarz shortly before the appearance of Eric
fish is better then
la la la
lalala
what was that was that was not great
partly partly
short report
that makes
what can I say it was fire
marx einöde exactly exhale
i'm so vulnerable are you really
private fire tail i am traveling
enter the backstage of lord of the
Lost here is the proof
and yes it is a tent
what's the funny thing I'm doing
go through the tables now and have a look
and I turn this bottle now
and it will come out
And that's the evidence of the gothic scene
Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, that's life black cola
Not
a black coal
kohler hear and hit a black one
to have
I am putting and impress with these
raffled by the change of lotto
we say goodbye during the
funny you have your biggest day yet
brought that's right
I'm now so what do you do with
I do not know about the dog without a leash
the houses are moving
exactly my battery is a motto today